Add a new way to start speech server (#1998)
pytorch/fairseq: examples/simultaneous_translation/docs/evaluation.md

We use the Fairseq toolkit as an example but the evaluation process can be applied in an arbitary framework.

## Server
The server code is provided and can be set up locally for development purposes. 

> Server sends source words to client, and record the delay when receving the prediction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server sends source words or speech segments to the client, and records the delay when receiving predictions.
```

> Here is an instruction on how to setup server for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are instructions on how to setup the server for development.
```

> To run start a text server listening at port 12321, with `SRC_FILE` and `TGT_FILE` as raw source and target text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run start a text server listening at port 12321, with `$SRC_FILE` and `$TGT_FILE` as raw source and target text and `$result_dir` a directory to store the results:
```

```shell
python $fairseq/example/simultaneous_translation/eval/server.py \
    --tokenizer 13a \

>     --src-file SRC_FILE \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --src-file $SRC_FILE \
```

>     --tgt-file TGT_FILE \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --tgt-file $TGT_FILE \
```

    --scorer-type text \
    --output $result_dir \
    --port 12321
```

> As to speech models, if you have gone through the Data Preparation in [baseline experiment](baseline.md), you can use the json file in $DATA_ROOT/data-bin/mustc_en_de, for example, dev.json. So we can start the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For speech models, if you have gone through the Data Preparation in [baseline experiment](baseline.md), you can use the json file in $DATA_ROOT/data-bin/mustc_en_de, for example, dev.json. So we can start the server:
```

```shell
python $fairseq/example/simultaneous_translation/eval/server.py \
    --tokenizer 13a \
    --tgt-file $DATA_ROOT/data-bin/mustc_en_de/dev.json \

>     --tgt-file-type json \

Reviewer: This is a new option? Did you make it backward compatible with the default being the json?

Author: Yes the default now is json to be compatible with old code base

    --scorer-type speech \
    --output $result_dir \
    --port 12321
```

If you don't want to go though Data Preparation, you need to prepare two files:

> - TGT_FILE: the file with reference sentences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$TGT_FILE`: the file with reference sentences
```

> - WAV_LIST_FILE: the file with a list of paths to WAVs, line aligned to TGT_FILE 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$WAV_LIST_FILE`: the file with a list of paths to WAVs, line aligned to TGT_FILE 
```

In this case we can start the server
```shell
python $fairseq/example/simultaneous_translation/eval/server.py \
    --tokenizer 13a \

>     --src-file SRC_FILE \

Reviewer: Can you double check this? Where is `$TGT_FILE` ?

>     --src-file SRC_FILE \

Reviewer: I think this should be `--src-file $WAV_LIST_FILE`

>     --tgt-file WAV_LIST_FILE \

Reviewer: I think this should be `--tgt-file $TGT_FILE`
